   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate
   alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate

   [267808.png]

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-W97W9TN

   Main content Go to footer

   Accessibility
   [ ] Turn off automatic animations
     * English
     * Deutsch
     * English - Australia
     * English - South Africa
     * English - United States
     * Español
     * Español - Argentina
     * Español - México
     * Français
     * Italiano
     * Português - Brasil
     * Svenska

   icon-contact

   Contact
   icon--phone

   Sales
   78-headset

   Customer service

   Blog
   icon--login

   Log in
   logo-mcf-02 mcf-logo-03
   logo-mcf-02 mcf-logo-03

   How can we help?

   Fleet management solutions

   Industries

   Partners

   Insights

   We are MICHELIN
   Contact us
   icon--login

   Log in
     * English
     * Deutsch
     * English - Australia
     * English - South Africa
     * English - United States
     * Español
     * Español - Argentina
     * Español - México
     * Français
     * Italiano
     * Português - Brasil
     * Svenska

   How can we help?
   icon--cost-control

   Reduce fleet costs

   Significantly reduce your fuel consumption, vehicle insurance and
   repair costs.
   icon--one-time-delivery

   Optimise On-time delivery and productivity

   Helping you optimise productivity significantly.
   icon--safety

   Improve driver and vehicle safety

   Get instant visibility of driving behaviours and improve driving
   performance.
   icon--cargo-maintenance

   Ensure cargo maintenance

   Ensure compliance of your refrigerated goods movements.
   icon--compliance-sustainability

   Transition to a green fleet

   Manage your electric vehicle fleet, discover the cost-reducing benefits
   of a greener fleet and increase productivity.

   Fleet management solutions
   vehicle tracking icon mcf

   Vehicle tracking
   driving behaviour icon mcf

   Driving behaviour
   job management icon mcf

   Job management
   ev transition and management icon mcf

   EV transition and management
   incident management icon mcf

   Incident management
   vehicle maintenance icon mcf

   Vehicle maintenance
   connected temperature and cold chain icon mcf

   Connected temperature monitoring
   vehicle checks icon mcf

   Vehicle checks
   driver hours management icon mcf

   Driver hours management
   camera video monitoring icon mcf

   Camera video monitoring
   brake performance monitoring icon mcf

   Brake performance monitoring
   CXS - Icons new offer (2)

   Tyre performance New
   tyre pressure and temperature monitoring icon mcf

   Tyre pressure and temperature monitoring
   icono_predictivetyre_nt112

   Predictive tyre maintenance

   Industries
   transport and logistics icon

   Transport and logistics
   field services industry icon

   Field services
   MCF Content Image (9)

   Transition to a green fleet
   Learn more

   Partners
   ses_pictograms_ecosystem partners_black (002)-1

   Solution Partners

   Expert collaborations delivering integrated tools and services for
   fleet success.
   MS_One Point of Contact Acct Mgmt_ Icon

   Sales Partners

   Certified distributors connecting our solutions and services with
   fleets.
   feedback icon

   Trade Associations

   Associations and organisations we work with to address fleet
   challenges.

   Insights

   Blog and useful resources

   Find useful information and resources to master your fleet management.

   What is fleet management?

   View our complete guide to fleet management.

   Customer stories

   Discover how fleets have partnered and succeeded with us.

   Fleet management and telematics glossary

   Stay ahead of the curve with our fleet management glossary, empowering
   you to navigate industry terminology effortlessly.

   We are MICHELIN

   Choose MICHELIN

   About us

   Careers

   Sustainability

   What's new?

   Events
   hqdefault

   Transition to a green fleet
   Learn more

   (BUTTON) Pause
   (BUTTON) Pause
   MCF-Global-Logo (2)

Join 50,000 customers who trust us to unlock their fleet's full potential

   Unlock now About us

What's New?

   four fuel pumps

   The Difference Between E5 and E10 Petrol

   Read blog
   fleet manager with clipboard next to employee

   What is the Role of Fleet Management in Compliance?

   Read blog

How MICHELIN's Fleet Management Solutions Can Help You

   Tailored fleet management solutions designed to meet your unique needs,
   optimise your operations, and maximise performance with fleet
   telematics.

   Cost Control

   On-time delivery and productivity

   Safety and quality

   Cargo maintenance

   Sustainability
   [Cost Control_____________________]

Reduce fleet costs

   MICHELIN Connected Fleet helps businesses reduce fleet costs by
   optimizing fuel use, lowering insurance and maintenance expenses, and
   improving driver safety. With real-time monitoring, proactive coaching,
   and predictive maintenance, we provide smart solutions to boost
   efficiency, reduce risks, and maximize fleet performance.
   Reduce cost

   5.9% reduction in fuel consumption

   Equivalent to £1,650 per vehicle, per year
   Find out more
   MCF 2022 - Header page interior (23)

On-time delivery and productivity

   MICHELIN Connected Fleet enhances your fleet's productivity with
   advanced job management, real-time vehicle tracking, and support for
   electric vehicle integration. Our solutions and services streamline
   operations, improve planning, and provide full visibility of your
   fleet, ensuring timely deliveries and efficient performance.
   Optimise productivity

   8% reduction in downtime

   Find out more
   MCF 2022 - Header page interior (3)-1

Improve driver and vehicle safety

   MICHELIN Connected Fleet enhances driver and vehicle safety through
   real-time monitoring and proactive measures. Our solutions include live
   alerts to improve driving behavior, instant visibility of road
   incidents, and predictive maintenance to reduce breakdowns, ensuring
   safer and more efficient fleet operations.
   Improve safety

   23% reduction in road incidents

   Find out more
   MCF 2022 - Header page interior (2)-1

Ensure cargo maintenance

   MICHELIN Connected Fleet ensures compliance and safety for refrigerated
   cargo through intelligent connected temperature monitoring solutions.
   Our tools provide real-time oversight of vehicle compartments, helping
   you maintain the integrity of your goods and meet your customers'
   transportation requirements.
   Improve cargo maintenance

   25% reduction in litigation costs

   Find out more
   MCF 2022 - Header page interior (12)-1-1

Transition to a green fleet

   MICHELIN Connected Fleet facilitates your transition to a green fleet
   by assessing vehicle suitability for electrification, estimating cost
   savings, and helping you reduce CO_2 emissions. We provide tailored
   recommendations alongside real-time data monitoring to optimise ICE and
   electric vehicle performance.
   Start your EV transition

   3,822kg reduction in CO2 emissions

   On average, per vehicle
   Find out more
   MCF 2022 - Header page interior (4)-1

   shutterstock_337172573 (1)

Get started with MICHELIN Connected Fleet today

   Talk to us

How to improve your
performance

   Our unique differentiator: performance analysis services with a
   dedicated expert
   dashboard-1

   Smart report fleet management tools with analysis and actions plans to
   improve performance.
   route-1

   Fleet solutions tailored to meet customers specific business needs and
   designed in collaboration with them.
   MCF-HP-Improve-EN

The most innovative companies choose MICHELIN Connected Fleet

   026-MICHELIN-Connected-Fleet-Pivotal-1200x785
   PIVOTAL-WHITE

   "The nature of what we do means we're classified as high risk. Being
   able to see what's happening in real time brings with it huge peace of
   mind, allowing us to keep our drivers safe,"

   Charlene Quayle

   Group Fleet Manager at Pivotal
   Find out more
   022-01-MICHELIN-Connected-Fleet-Jaga-Brothers-1200x800
   JAGA-BROTHERS-LOGO-2-1-1

   £35,000

   savings in fuel costs

   "The MICHELIN Connected Fleet solutions have had a huge financial
   impact on our business. Our aim was for the service to start paying for
   itself in the first year and the figures so far have exceeded our
   expectations."

   James Hill

   Managing Director at Jaga Brothers
   Find out more
   Balfour Beatty the lighthouse Kings Cross-1
   bb-logo-hp

   63%

   reduction in crash frequency rates, with 125 fewer incidents per year

   "The support network and the project management team that we have been
   working with have been fantastic and we look forward to a long and
   successful partnership."

   Robert Lindsay

   Driver Risk Manager at Balfour Beatty Workplace
   Find out more

   OEM_LCV

We partner with vehicle manufacturers (OEMs) to unlock your fleet's full
potential

   Innovative connected fleet telematics solutions to help you optimise
   your fleet management in seconds.
   Discover OEM

MICHELIN Connected Fleet in numbers

   50,000+

customers

   684,000+

Vehicles

   20

Countries

Fleet and Mobility Trends for 2025 You Need to Know

   four fuel pumps

   The Difference Between E5 and E10 Petrol

   Discover what the difference is between E5 petrol and E10 petrol, how
   changing over will impact fleet operations, as well as how to navigate
   the switch.

   Read more
   fleet manager with clipboard next to employee

   What is the Role of Fleet Management in Compliance?

   Discover how fleet management solutions paired with telematics ensure
   regulatory compliance while increasing operational efficiency. Click to
   learn more.

   Read more
   fleet manager and employee looking at laptop

   Fleet Dispatching Guide

   Discover everything you need to know about fleet dispatching, including
   what it is, what it involves, and how technology can help. Click to
   learn more.

   Read more

   lcvs-on-road

See what you can accomplish with MICHELIN Connected Fleet today

   Talk to us

Associations

   afp-logo-1 rha_logo_black

FAQs

   What is a Fleet Management Solution?

   A fleet management solution brings together telematics and fleet
   management software so that organisations can better oversee their
   vehicles and increase efficiency, cost control, and safety through
   vehicle tracking, driver behaviour monitoring, maintenance scheduling,
   compliance support, reporting, and data analysis.

   What is Fleet Telematics?

   Fleet telematics is a technology used to manage vehicle fleets through
   real-time data collection by combining GPS with onboard diagnostics,
   continuously monitoring location, speed, fuel consumption, driving
   habits, and various other operational details to help fleet managers
   make informed decisions.

   What are the Benefits of a Fleet Telematics System?

   A fleet telematics system offers a wide range of advantages by
   delivering detailed performance metrics. Specifically, managers can
   streamline routes, cut down on fuel costs, and stay on top of
   maintenance needs before issues arise. Driver safety is likewise
   improved through monitoring and feedback, and accurate tracking
   enhances customer service with precise ETAs.

   Is Fleet Telematics the Same as Fleet Tracking?

   No, fleet tracking primarily focuses on the location of vehicles.
   Telematics, on the other hand, offers a comprehensive view that
   includes vehicle performance, driver behaviour, fuel usage, and
   maintenance needs. Therefore, tracking tells you where your vehicles
   are, and telematics explains how they're being driven in order to
   maintain a safer, more compliant, and cost-effective fleet.

   Which Industries use Fleet Management Solutions?

   Regardless of a business's or company's size, fleet management
   solutions are in use within a wide range of sectors, including
   transport and logistics, courier and delivery, public transportation,
   cold chain, construction, as well as waste and recycling.

Contact

   icon--phone

   Telephone

   Sales: +44 113 281 4899

   Customer Support: +44 113 281 4842
   MCF_NexTraq_Favicon

   London HQ

   Lynton House
   7-12 Tavistock Square
   London
   WC1H 9LT
   icon-contact

   Make a sales enquiry
   Contact us

Stay connected

   Subscribe to our newsletter to receive the latest updates from MICHELIN
   Connected Fleet!

Follow us on social media

   Privacy Policy Cookie Notice Legal Notice Legal Information

   ©2026
