   #oEmbed (JSON) oEmbed (XML) JSON

   Festive opening hours: We’re open Monday 29th to Wednesday 31st
   December as normal. We’ll be closed on Thursday 1st January. We’re open
   as normal on Friday 2nd January.

   Wishing you all a very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year from the
   Fleet Mortgages team!
   close-notice

     * Intermediaries

Intermediaries
          + Products
          + Product Transfers
          + Conveyancer Panel
          + Portfolio Landlords
          + Criteria Guide
          + Our Calculator
          + Literature
          + Find your BDM
          + FAQS
          + Broker Resources
          + Vulnerable Customers

Calculator
       Use our mortgage calculator to understand how much your client may
       be able to borrow.
       Try our calculator
     * About Us

About
          + About us
          + Careers
          + Women in Finance Charter
          + Leadership
          + News and Press

About
       We are Fleet Mortgages, a people-focused business specialising in
       buy-to-let lending.
       Get in touch
     * Contact

   Register Broker Login Customers

   Intermediaries
   Products Product Transfers Conveyancer Panel Portfolio Landlords
   Criteria Guide Our Calculator Literature Find your BDM FAQS Broker
   Resources Vulnerable Customers
   About Us
   About us Careers Women in Finance Charter Leadership News and Press
   Contact
   Register Broker Login Customers

Everything starts with a good conversation.

   We are a trusted name in the buy-to-let market, helping our
   intermediary partners achieve successful outcomes.
     * We are seasoned buy-to-let specialists
     * We have been lending since 2014

   View our products Get in touch

The Renters’ Rights Bill is now law…

   We’ve created a clear, practical guide for advisers to understand the
   key changes and support landlord clients through the reforms.

   Now that the government has confirmed the key implementation dates for
   the Renters’ Rights Act, we’ve updated our guide to include a timeline
   of the major changes.
   Download now Get in touch

   Documents assessed in 5 working days

   DIP reviews completed in 24 hrs

   Valuation turnaround in 5 working days

   For intermediary use only. Fleet Mortgages only sells its buy-to-let
   mortgage products through authorised brokers and intermediaries. The
   information contained on this website is, as a result, intended for
   authorised brokers and intermediaries only. No one else should use this
   information as a basis for any financial decisions. Please contact your
   financial adviser. Registered in England No: 08663979

   Our expert team provides consistent and high-quality decision-making at
   every stage of the lending process, delivering a truly trusted service.

I’m an intermediary

   Learn more

I’m a customer

   Learn more

   Fleet Mortgages

Why choose us?

   We’ve shaped our business around our people. Fleet Mortgages is a place
   where knowledge and passion are celebrated and define who we are as a
   team.
     * We have exceptional market knowledge
     * We make the complex simple

   About us

   Starling Bank

Owned by Starling

   In 2021, we were proudly acquired by Starling Bank, who provide
   additional confidence, expertise and, of course, peace of mind to our
   partners.
     * Together, we will keep pushing forward
     * We work with a shared set of values

   About us

Quick turnaround

   We know you’re under pressure to deliver results, so our quick
   turnaround makes decision making easier for everyone.
   See how we can help you

1Talk to the team

   It all begins with a good, honest conversation. How can we help you and
   what are you looking for?

2Navigate complexity

   With a clear picture, we cut the complexity and simplify the lending
   process, providing you with exactly what you need.

3Move with speed

   Even against the toughest timelines, we know how to get it done because
   we’re great at what we do.

   Looking forward to working with you

BTL lending can be challenging and that’s why we love it.

   See how we can help you

2014

   Established in 2014

170+

   Team members

2021

   Acquired by Starling

Meet the team

   We’re a family of forward thinkers and buy-to-let experts with a
   positive attitude.
   See how we can help

Lucy Freeman

Assistant Sales Manager

Wes Regis

National Key Account Manager

Katy Williams

Senior BDM

Words from our partners

   "Worked with Fleet on multiple deals, ranging from the simple to the
   complex; whenever there is an issue, they go above and beyond to iron
   it out by working with you, not against you. Always a pleasure working
   with Dave, Naz and the Fleet team as a whole. Top lender and top
   service, from start to finish."

James Gandhi, Mortgage & Protection Adviser, bmortgages

   "One of my favourite lenders with brilliant BDM's. Its always a good
   thing to see them coming up on the top rows. They have some quirky
   criteria too which really helps my complex clients. All in all a good
   lender to use if you can. Fleet also have a good product offering and
   their processing isn't slow either."

Austyn Johnson, Financial Consultant, H D Consultants

   "The system is really easy to use, the underwriting flexible, and it’s
   a refreshing change to deal with a lender where it appears that
   everyone who works there genuinely cares about the end user, ie; our
   clients. That’s certainly the experience that I have had with every
   case I’ve put to you and I’ve never heard any broker say anything to
   the contrary."

James Chisnall, Director, City Finance Brokers Ltd

   News + Press

Fleeting thoughts

   View all

   Blog

Buy-to-Let in 2025: Opportunities for Advisers

   News

Bank of England cuts interest rates to 3.75%: What it means for the
buy-to-let market in 2026

   Blog

Budget changes and what they mean for landlords and advisers

   Featured Blog

Fleet Mortgages launches new Renters’ Rights Bill Guide for advisers and
landlords

Register here

   Learn More

   We’re always keen to meet and work with new brokers.

Everything starts with a good conversation

   Get in touch to see how we can help you
   [link-arrow.svg]

About us

     * About us
     * Careers
     * News + Press
     * Meet the team

Who we help

     * Intermediaries
     * Existing customers
     * Portfolio landlords

Products

     * Standard Buy to Let
     * Limited company
     * HMO / MUB
     * Product transfers

Contact

     * Talk to us
     * Complaints
     * Broker FAQs
     * Customer FAQs

Legal

     * Terms & Conditions
     * Privacy policy
     * Modern Slavery Statement

   Fleet Mortgages is a Starling Bank company

   © Fleet Mortgages 2025
     * Terms and Conditions
     * Privacy Policy
     * Policies

   Website by Valiant

   We use necessary cookies to ensure that we give you the best browsing
   experience on our website. This includes cookies from third party
   analytics providers to help us understand how you use our website so we
   can continually improve. You can delete and block cookies, but parts of
   our site won’t work without them. To find out more about how we look
   after your data view our Privacy Notice. (BUTTON) Accept Cookies
   (BUTTON) Reject Cookies (BUTTON) Privacy policy (BUTTON)
