   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate
   alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate

What is fleet management?

   Group of vehicles driving

Authors

   Tom Krantz

   Staff Writer

   IBM Think
   Alexandra Jonker

   Staff Editor

   IBM Think

What is fleet management?

   Fleet management encompasses the systems, processes and tools needed to
   ensure an organization’s fleet of business vehicles are maintained
   throughout their entire lifecycle.

   It also involves the management of fleet drivers, optimization of fleet
   operations, and improvement of asset utilization—all of which fall
   under the larger umbrella of enterprise asset management.

   A fleet can range from commercial vehicles to freight trucks to
   airplanes, depending on the organization. Some organizations may build
   their own fleet while others may hire fleet management companies. With
   proper fleet management, organizations can improve efficiency, reduce
   costs and ensure that their business is complying with the latest
   regulations.
   3D design of balls rolling on a track

The latest AI News + Insights  

   Discover expertly curated insights and news on AI, cloud and more in
   the weekly Think Newsletter.
   (BUTTON) Subscribe today

What are the benefits of fleet management?

   A smart fleet management system can help organizations achieve their
   environmental, social and governance (ESG) goals. For instance, fleet
   providers can play a crucial role in minimizing their organization’s
   economic footprint by tracking fuel consumption and other diagnostic
   data. In doing so, they can also improve fleet performance by
   preventing vehicles from breaking down and avoiding costly vehicle
   acquisitions.

   Fleet management can also enable more positive vehicle inspection
   outcomes. A poor vehicle inspection can ground vehicles, even when they
   are fully operational. Fleet management can provide either the
   predictive or preventative maintenance that keeps vehicles in
   circulation.

   Finally, by implementing various fleet management solutions, companies
   can improve upkeep, avoid last-minute cancellations and increase the
   number of customers they serve. This can result in more satisfied
   customers and greater profitability.
   Mixture of Experts | 2 January, episode 88

Decoding AI: Weekly News Roundup

   Join our world-class panel of engineers, researchers, product leaders
   and more as they cut through the AI noise to bring you the latest in AI
   news and insights.
   Watch all episodes of Mixture of Experts

What does a fleet manager do?

   Fleet managers oversee fleet operations while maintaining fleet
   efficiency. At a glance, that may seem like routine asset performance
   management or fleet maintenance. However, a fleet manager’s
   responsibilities include everything from:

Acquiring vehicles

   Fleet managers determine when a new vehicle is needed, what
   requirements the vehicle must meet, and whether an older vehicle needs
   to be replaced.

Maintaining the fleet

   Fleet managers are responsible for preventative vehicle maintenance to
   avoid breakdowns, balancing maintenance costs with maintenance
   schedules and handling repairs so the fleet remains operational.

Managing drivers

   Fleet managers recruit drivers, manage their workflows and work to
   retain talent. They also ensure driver safety by implementing proper
   training, monitoring driver behavior and optimizing safety procedures.

Implementing fuel programs

   Fleet managers are responsible for fuel management, which includes
   mapping out preferred fueling locations, creating processes to track
   fuel usage and lowering fueling costs for the entire vehicle fleet.

Complying with regulations

   Fleet managers oversee hours of service (HOS), electronic logging
   devices (ELDs) and other regulatory requirements to ensure that all
   drivers are operating in full compliance.

Reducing operational costs

   Fleet managers compare fleet costs, aggregate data in a central
   location and perform route optimization to improve cost savings and
   reduce downtime. Many use fleet management solutions or fleet
   management software to automate and optimize these tasks.

What is fleet management software?

   Fleet management software provides fleet managers with a real-time
   logistics platform that can orchestrate everything from fleet tracking
   and driver management to weather and traffic forecasting. Fleet
   management solutions can also improve fuel usage, provide key vehicle
   metrics and fleet data, ensure compliance with regulatory requirements
   and ultimately, optimize fleet operations.

   While similar to a transportation management system that allows a
   company to manage its inbound and outbound shipping, fleet management
   software differs in that it’s more robust and focuses solely on the
   commercial fleet.

   Some common features of fleet management software include:
     * Vehicle tracking: With GPS and OEM telematics, fleet managers are
       gaining real-time visibility into their fleet while it’s on the
       road. They can monitor vehicle locations, analyze driver
       performance and mitigate potential maintenance issues through
       real-time notifications. The ability to pinpoint a vehicle through
       asset tracking is a defining feature of a good fixed asset
       management strategy.

     * Driving behavior analysis: Often, vehicle tracking systems have an
       additional driving behavior component that assigns drivers with a
       score or rating. For example, frequent braking or idling can impact
       scores negatively. Some organizations may also use dash cams in the
       cabin of their vehicles to keep an eye on their commercial fleet.

     * Fuel management: Fuel efficiency can lead to significant cost
       reductions. Fleet management software monitors fuel costs and track
       vehicles’ fuel consumption. It may also automate the refueling
       process to avoid unnecessary refueling or worse, running out of
       fuel.

     * Route planning: Fleet managers will often plan routes in advance
       for optimal efficiency. Through a combination of GPS tracking and
       telematics, fleet managers can precisely map routes, reducing fuel
       costs while improving sustainability efforts.

     * Software updates: The rise of electric vehicles means that fleet
       operators may be expected to have a comprehensive plan to manage
       updates to vehicle operating systems, including when to update
       software and how to roll out the updates.

Where to start with fleet management

   Organizations looking to stand up a strong fleet management program
   should consider these factors:
   Pricing

   A forward-facing fleet management strategy requires significant
   investment out of the gate. Some initial costs include adding
   telematics to vehicles, purchasing or licensing software and reskilling
   the workforce.
   Fleet complexity

   Fleet sizes vary and a fleet of vehicles can range from e-bikes to
   airplanes. Large fleets with a wide variety of vehicles will require
   different approaches to each type of vehicle, especially when it comes
   to preventative maintenance.
   Technology management

   As organizations move towards a more advanced and software-guided fleet
   management approach, they’ll need to stay current on the latest
   technologies, update and replace hardware and otherwise manage their
   tech stack.
   Link copied
   Report Make a confident CMMS choice with Verdantix’s independent Green
   Quadrant 2025

   Learn how the CMMS market is evolving as organizations focus on
   digitizing maintenance, boosting asset reliability and improving
   real-time visibility.
   Get the report

Resources

   Report Verdantix Green Quadrant: Asset performance management software
   2024

   Identify the best asset performance management (APM) software that fits
   your needs.
   Read the report
   Report IDC: The business value of IBM Maximo

   Learn how your organization can achieve significant value by using IBM
   Maximo to manage its fleet of assets.
   Read the report
   Summary IBM Maximo application suite

   Increase uptime, improve productivity, reduce maintenance costs and
   build more resilient operations with IBM's unified asset management
   solution.
   Read the summary
   Case study Building bridges to better insight

   Discover how Sund & Bælt uses IBM's Maximo software to monitor and
   manage its critical infrastructures.
   Read the case study
   Case study Reliable, sustainable, renewable—energy that works

   Learn how VPI pushes forward on the path to net zero with IBM Maximo
   software.
   Read the case study
   Case study Cutting carbon from the commute

   Transport for London keeps the public moving safely, reliably and
   sustainably when it centralizes its maintenance efforts on IBM Maximo
   software.
   Read the case study
   Related solutions
   IBM Maximo

   Manage, maintain, and optimize your assets with AI-powered insights and
   automation.
   Explore IBM Maximo
   Asset lifecycle management (ALM) software and solutions

   Use AI and data insights to optimize asset performance from start to
   finish.
   Explore ALM solutions
   Sustainability consulting services

   Turn sustainability goals into action with AI-powered strategy and
   transformation.

   Explore sustainability consulting services
   Take the next step

   See how IBM Maximo helps you optimize assets, improve maintenance, and
   support sustainability goals — book a demo to explore it in action.
   Explore IBM Maximo Book a live demo
