
   DocumentationAmazon EC2User Guide
   Features and benefits

EC2 Fleet and Spot Fleet

   EC2 Fleet and Spot Fleet are designed to be a useful way to launch a
   fleet of tens, hundreds, or thousands of Amazon EC2 instances in a
   single operation. Each instance in a fleet is either configured by a
   launch template or a set of launch parameters that you configure
   manually at launch.

Topics

     * Features and benefits
     * Which is the best fleet method to use?
     * Configuration options for your EC2 Fleet or Spot Fleet
     * Work with EC2 Fleet
     * Work with Spot Fleet
     * Monitor your EC2 Fleet or Spot Fleet
     * Tutorials for EC2 Fleet
     * Example CLI configurations for EC2 Fleet
     * Example CLI configurations Spot Fleet
     * Quotas for EC2 Fleet and Spot Fleet

Features and benefits

   Fleets provide the following features and benefits, enabling you to
   maximize cost savings and optimize availability and performance when
   running applications on multiple EC2 instances.

   Multiple instance types
          A fleet can launch multiple instance types, ensuring it isn't
          dependent on the availability of any single instance type. This
          increases the overall availability of instances in your fleet.

   Distributing instances across Availability Zones
          A fleet can launch into multiple Availability Zones, enabling
          you to reduce costs and improve availability. If your fleet
          includes Spot Instances, the fleet automatically selects
          Availability Zones based on your preferences regarding price and
          interruptions.

   Multiple purchasing options
          A fleet can launch multiple purchase options (Spot and On-Demand
          Instances), allowing you to optimize costs through Spot Instance
          usage. You can also take advantage of Reserved Instance and
          Savings Plans discounts by using them in conjunction with
          On-Demand Instances in the fleet.

   Automated replacement of Spot Instances
          If your fleet includes Spot Instances, it can automatically
          request replacement Spot capacity if your Spot Instances are
          interrupted. Through Capacity Rebalancing, a fleet can also
          monitor and proactively replace your Spot Instances that are at
          an elevated risk of interruption.

   Reserve On-Demand capacity
          A fleet can use an On-Demand Capacity Reservation to reserve
          On-Demand capacity. A fleet can also include Capacity Blocks for
          ML, allowing you to reserve GPU instances on a future date to
          support short duration machine learning (ML) workloads.

   Warning Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.

   To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be
   enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.
   Document Conventions
   Option 3: Manually connect
   Which fleet method to use?
   Did this page help you? - Yes

   Thanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!

   If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do
   more of it.

   Did this page help you? - No

   Thanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you
   down.

   If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the
   documentation better.
