   Skip to main content

   Alphabet logo
   (BUTTON) (BUTTON)
     * Corporate Fleet Solutions
          + Corporate Fleet Solutions - Overview
          + Leasing Options
               o Leasing Options - Overview
               o Finance Lease
               o Salary Sacrifice
               o Business Contract Hire
               o Business Contract Purchase for Fleets
               o Sale and Leaseback
          + Alphabet Consulting
               o Alphabet Consulting - Overview
               o Fleet Emission Consulting
               o E-Mobility Consulting
               o Additional Consulting Services
               o Total Cost of Ownership
          + Commercial Vehicles
          + Alphabet Rent
          + Fleet Management Tools
               o Fleet Management Tools - Overview
               o Alphabet Carbon Manager
               o Fleet Reporting
               o Online Invoicing
               o Payment Portal
     * Small and Medium Fleets
          + Small and Medium Fleets - Overview
          + Fleet Solutions
          + Leasing Offers and Deals
          + Small and Medium Fleet Guidance
               o Small and Medium Fleet Guidance - Overview
               o Cost Efficiency
               o Management
               o Sustainability
               o Commercial Vehicles
          + Electric Vehicle Advice for Fleets
               o Electric Vehicle Advice for Fleets - Overview
               o The Current EV Landscape
               o Alphabet's Electric Fleet Explained
               o The Road to Electrification
               o UK Government Support and Grants
               o Electric Vehicle Mythbusting
     * Drivers
          + Drivers - Overview
          + Managing Your Contract
               o Managing Your Contract - Overview
               o Vehicle Management
               o Amending Your Contract
               o Calculating Benefit-in-Kind (BIK) Tax
               o Novation Requests
               o Ending Your Contract Early
               o Moving Your Vehicle
               o Declare Your Vehicle a Total Loss
               o Returning Your Vehicle
               o Buy Your Lease Car or Fleet Vehicle
          + Fleet Services
               o Fleet Services - Overview
               o Vehicle Servicing and Tyre Management
               o Glass Repair and Replacement
               o Accident Management
               o Roadside Assistance
               o Taking Your Vehicle Abroad
               o Vehicle Fine Support
          + Alphabet App
          + Electric Vehicle Advice for Drivers
               o Electric Vehicle Advice for Drivers - Overview
               o Understanding Electric Vehicles Cost
               o Electric Vehicle Charging
               o Servicing an Electric Vehicle
               o Using an Electric Vehicle
               o Electric Vehicle Considerations
     * Sustainability
          + Sustainability - Overview
          + European Fleet Emission Monitor 2025: Report | Alphabet
          + Emissions Reporting: The Biggest Challenge Facing Fleet
            Decision-Makers in 2025
     * About Us
          + About Us - Overview
          + Contact Us
          + Market Presence / OneNet Partners
          + Latest News and Press
     * (BUTTON) ⋯

   (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON) (BUTTON)

Corporate fleet solutions

Fleet management solutions for businesses

   Managing large fleets means dealing with complexity, costs,
   sustainability, data insights and more. Alphabet provides tailored
   solutions and innovative products and services, covering all aspects of
   business mobility, from funding to advanced mobility solutions.
   Talk to an expert
   Classification and benefits of fleet management

What is corporate fleet management?

   Corporate fleet management is about more than just vehicles. It’s a
   balancing act covering cost control, driver satisfaction, emissions
   targets and operational reliability - all while keeping your business
   mobile. At Alphabet we help businessess navigate this complexity and
   make mobility easier, with the aim of building a future ready fleet
   strategy together.
   [di24-000236140.jpeg]
   Alphabet as a partner

Fleet management that fits your business needs

   At Alphabet, we combine expert consulting with digital innovation to
   help corporate fleet teams manage their vehicles efficiently. No matter
   how many you operate, we offer scalable services that are tailored to
   your specific needs, including CO[2] tracking, electrification and
   driver support.
   Our finance options

Funding options for every business

   Whatever your business goals are, Alphabet provides financial solutions
   that can be tailored to your operational needs.

Finance Lease

   A Finance Lease lets you keep vehicles on your balance sheet while
   enjoying fixed, flexible payments, with the option at the end to sell
   to a third party or continue using them under a peppercorn agreement (a
   percentage of the original invoice price).
   Learn more
   [di24-000233990.jpeg]

Salary Sacrifice

   Offer employees a cost-efficient car benefit that’s easy to implement,
   with full support from our expert team and access to a wide range of
   low and zero-emission vehicles.
   Learn more
   [di24-000236250.jpeg]

Sale and Leaseback

   This can give your business the immediate financial advantage of
   releasing the value tied up in your owned vehicles.
   Learn more
   [di23-000162263.jpeg]

Contract Purchase

   Under this fixed-term, fixed amount agreement, you have all the
   advantages of a managed vehicle, plus the option to buy it at the end
   of the contract.
   Learn more
   [di24-000233952.jpeg]
   Our expertise

Gain access to our specialists consultants

(BUTTON) Fleet emissions consulting

   Comprehensive CO₂ analysis, measurement and reduction strategies.

(BUTTON) E-mobility consulting

   Guidance on integrating electric vehicles and charging infrastructure,
   tailored to your fleet.

(BUTTON) Additional consulting services

   Explore the full range of expert consultation that’s designed to help
   you make smarter, more efficient decisions.
   [di24-000236143.jpeg]
   Our tools

Explore our digital fleet management tools

   Discover how our innovative tools, like Alphabet Carbon Manager or our
   AI-driven Fleet Reporting tool, give you full control over performance,
   cost, and compliance.
    1. [di25-000246630.jpeg]

AI-driven Fleet Reporting
       A personal AI Assistant that helps you navigate complex data,
       identify trends, and act with confidence based on real-time
       insights to make smarter fleet decisions.
       Discover AI Fleet Reporting
    2. [di23-000180792.jpeg]

Alphabet Carbon Manager
       Measure, report, and reduce your fleet’s carbon footprint with
       Greenhouse Gas (GHG) compliant data and clear visualisation that
       allows you to make informed, eco-friendly decisions.
       Explore Alphabet Carbon Manager
    3. [di24-000236172.jpeg]

Online Payment Portal
       You can use our self-service payment portal to make one-off
       payments by credit or debit card or check outstanding invoices, in
       addition to your usual monthly Direct Debit payments.
       Discover Online Payment Portal
    4. Man in a light blue shirt holding a smartphone.

Online Invoicing

       Our secure online invoicing platform lets you view invoices and
       fines anytime, with documents uploaded within 24 hours, helping you
       manage your fleet efficiently.
       Discover Online Invoicing

Making sustainability a reality

   82% of companies see reducing fleet emissions as critical. Yet 43% have
   no clear targets in place.* With Alphabet, you can transform
   sustainability from an ambition into a reality; with measurable results
   to help you prepare for future regulatory demands.

   *Source: Fleet emission monitor 2025
     *

   See our sustainability commitments

Talk to our experts

   For detailed insight and individual support regarding corporate fleet
   management, our team of experts are here to help. Each offers
   comprehensive knowledge and the, clarity to focus on your specific
   requirements.
     * Mon - Fri   08:30 - 17:30
     * 0370 50 50 100

   [di24-000236145.jpeg]

Got questions? We’ve got answers

(BUTTON) How does corporate fleet management work?

   Enterprise fleet management is about more than just vehicles. It’s a
   balancing act covering cost control, driver satisfaction, emissions
   targets and operational reliability all while keeping your business
   mobile. At Alphabet we help corporations navigate this complexity and
   make mobility easier, with the aim of together building a future ready
   fleet strategy.

(BUTTON) What is corporate fleet management?

   Enterprise fleet management is a balancing act covering cost control,
   driver satisfaction, emissions targets and operational reliability all
   while keeping your business mobile.

(BUTTON) What is a corporate fleet?

   A corporate fleet is a collection of vehicles such as cars, vans, or
   specialised equipment, that a business or organisation owns or leases
   to support its operations and transport goods, services, or people.

(BUTTON) How many cars can you have in an enterprise fleet?

   The size of an enterprise fleet can vary greatly depending on the type
   of business, but generally they can consist of anything from 1 to
   10,000 cars.

(BUTTON) What is corporate fleet management software?

   Enterprise fleet management software is a suite of digital tools
   designed to assist in the management of the vehicles. They provide a
   range of functions to improve decision making and operations including
   tracking, maintenance, driver monitoring, fuel management and
   reporting.
   (BUTTON) Show more Show less

Footer

Corporate Fleet Solutions

     * Leasing Options
     * Alphabet Consulting
     * Commercial Vehicles
     * Alphabet Rent
     * Fleet Management Tools

Small and Medium Fleets

     * Fleet Solutions
     * Leasing Offers and Deals
     * Small and Medium Fleet Guidance
     * Electric Vehicle Advice for Fleets

Drivers

     * Managing Your Contract
     * Fleet Services
     * Alphabet App
     * Electric Vehicle Advice for Drivers

Sustainability

     * European Fleet Emission Monitor 2025: Report | Alphabet
     * Emissions Reporting: The Biggest Challenge Facing Fleet
       Decision-Makers in 2025

About Us

     * Contact Us
     * Market Presence / OneNet Partners
     * Latest News and Press

Legal

     * Quality Statement | Alphabet
     * Gender Pay Gap Report
     * Compliance and Whistleblowing Policy

     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookies
     * Imprint and Legal Notice

   ©2025 Alphabet • All Rights Reserved.
