               o Equipment TrackingAsset tracking, location tracking,
                 utilization, diagnostics
               o Fleet TelematicsReal-time GPS, routing, fuel,
                 maintenance, electrification
               o Samsara AppsConnected workflows, compliance, training
--
    1. Products

     Fleet Telematics

Fleet management

   Track every vehicle, streamline operations, and control fuel costs with
--
Complete visibility

   Monitor your fleet with real-time GPS tracking.
   Workforce productivity icon

--

   Minimize risk and improve the driver experience with insights into
   vehicle security, ELD compliance, and fleet safety.
   Energy efficiency icon

--
   Complete Visibility

Optimize fleet operations

   Improve fleet efficiency and customer service with Samsara's
   best-in-class GPS tracking, vehicle diagnostics, and routing and
   navigation.

GPS fleet tracking

   Gain real-time visibility into your operations and driver behavior.
--
   Risk Management

Protect your fleet with custom reports and actionable insights

   Minimize risk and improve the driver experience with insights into
   vehicle safety, ELD compliance, and fleet security.
   Get started with ELD compliance

   truck fleet reading "ecodriving score 98 up 3 points"

   idling waste 8.8 gal up to 50%
--
   Energy Efficiency

Unlock fuel and energy insights across your fleet

   Improve fuel efficiency and reduce operational costs with real-time
--
   Proven Impact

How customers win with fleet telematics

   From cost savings to efficiency gains, learn how organizations are
--
   Saved by monitoring idling time
   Read case study
   estes trucks fleet

   95%
--
   Reduction in citizen calls
   Read case study
   WR-FY26 Fleet Telematics [Proven Impact - City of Allentown Image]

   $1.1M
--
   Saved in maintenance and replacement costs
   Read case study
   WR-FY26 Fleet Telematics [Proven Impact - Sterling Crane Canada Image]

   $2.5M
--
   Improvement in vehicle utilization
   Read case study
   WR-FY26 Fleet Telematics [Proven Impact - US - Sunrun Image]

   $240K
--
       and access to 24/7 support on the road.
       Learn more
       two drivers looking at a phone in front of a truck fleet
     * Dispatch and operations
       Give dispatch and operations full visibility into driver location,
--
   OEM Integrations

Connect your fleet

   Build together with powerful integrations and the largest partner
--

   Report
   Samsara Safety Report cover with blue background featuring fleet
   vehicles and workers, highlighting fleet safety benchmarking
   Report

Samsara AI helps reduce crash rates by nearly 75%

   Based on 2.6K+ fleets, the Samsara Safety Report reveals how Samsara
   improves crash rates, risky behaviors, and CSA scores.
   See the report

   Book cover showing a semi-truck with "Fleet Owner & Fleet Maintenance:
   Comparison of Fleet Management Technology Providers"
   Report

--
   FAQs

Learn more about fleet telematics

   What is fleet telematics?

   Fleet telematics technology is a fleet management system designed to be
   the single command center for physical operations, enabling
   organizations to streamline every aspect of their fleet, field, and
   back-office operations.

   With fleet telematics, you can:
     * Unleash employee productivity with intuitive and personalized
       workflows for your drivers, admins, and technicians.
     * Minimize risk by delivering rich safety, compliance, maintenance,
       and security insights you can act on immediately to protect your
       fleet.
     * Maximize energy efficiency with our advanced fuel, energy, and
       emissions reporting and alerting.

   How does a fleet telematics solution help improve fleet management?

   With a fleet telematics solution like Samsara help improve the safety,
   compliance, and efficiency of your fleet. With GPS tracking for
   vehicles and assets, ELD compliance, and more, Samsara is a
   comprehensive telematics system that helps streamline fleet management.

   What are the benefits of a fleet telematics system?

   There are many benefits to a fleet telematics system, including:
     * Minimize fleet risk: Protect your people, assets, and your bottom
       line with actionable safety, compliance, maintenance, and security
       insights.
--
       advanced fuel analytics, energy management, and emissions planning.

   Is fleet telematics the same as GPS tracking?

   Fleet telematics software enables organizations to track the location
   of their fleet using real-time data, including to-the-second GPS data.
   With real-time GPS location tracking, fleets gain best-in-class
   visibility to improve route performance, fleet efficiency, and customer
   service.

--
       live location links to equip your customers with accurate ETAs.

   How does fleet telematics help ensure ELD compliance?

   Amidst evolving regulations, fleet telematics systems are critical to
   helping fleet maintain compliance. Using fleet telematics, you gain
   real-time visibility into driver status, making it easy for drivers to
   log HOS and preventing ELD mandate violations. In addition, automated
   ELD workflows for drivers and robust reporting for admins across HOS,
   DVIR, and IFTA enable fleets to sail through audits with ease.

   How does fleet telematics software streamline preventative maintenance?

   By leveraging real-time vehicle diagnostics, fleets are able to improve
   preventative maintenance and reduce downtime. Proactively spot issues
   such as failing batteries and engine fault codes through over-the-air
--
   vehicle lifetime.

   Fleet telematics systems like Samsara offer intuitive mobile workflows
   and to help improve vehicle maintenance. Samsara Vehicle Telematics
   help you prevent incidents before they happen with visibility into key
--
   smarter, informed decisions.

   How does fleet telematics technology improve fuel management?

   With fleet telematics, you gain real-time insights that enable you to
   reduce fuel consumption and improve energy efficiency. Samsara Vehicle
   Telematics helps you:
--
Products that transform your business

   Connect your fleets, equipment, sites, and people on the open platform
   that users love.

Fleet Telematics

   Real-time GPS, routing, fuel, maintenance, electrification
--
     * Asset Tracking
     * Asset Tag
     * Fleet Telematics
     * GPS Fleet Tracking
     * Fleet Maintenance
     * Routing & Dispatch
     * Electric Vehicles
