   How can we help?

   Fleet management solutions

   Industries
--
   icon--cost-control

   Reduce fleet costs

   Significantly reduce your fuel consumption, vehicle insurance and
--
   icon--compliance-sustainability

   Transition to a green fleet

   Manage your electric vehicle fleet, discover the cost-reducing benefits
   of a greener fleet and increase productivity.

   Fleet management solutions
   vehicle tracking icon mcf

--
   MCF Content Image (9)

   Transition to a green fleet
   Learn more

--

   Expert collaborations delivering integrated tools and services for
   fleet success.
   MS_One Point of Contact Acct Mgmt_ Icon

--

   Certified distributors connecting our solutions and services with
   fleets.
   feedback icon

   Trade Associations

   Associations and organisations we work with to address fleet
   challenges.

--
   Blog and useful resources

   Find useful information and resources to master your fleet management.

   What is fleet management?

   View our complete guide to fleet management.

   Customer stories

   Discover how fleets have partnered and succeeded with us.

   Fleet management and telematics glossary

   Stay ahead of the curve with our fleet management glossary, empowering
   you to navigate industry terminology effortlessly.

--
   hqdefault

   Transition to a green fleet
   Learn more

--
   MCF-Global-Logo (2)

Join 50,000 customers who trust us to unlock their fleet’s full potential

   Unlock now About us
--

   Read blog
   fleet manager with clipboard next to employee

   What is the Role of Fleet Management in Compliance?

   Read blog

How MICHELIN’s Fleet Management Solutions Can Help You

   Tailored fleet management solutions designed to meet your unique needs,
   optimise your operations, and maximise performance with fleet
   telematics.

--
   [Cost Control_____________________]

Reduce fleet costs

   MICHELIN Connected Fleet helps businesses reduce fleet costs by
   optimizing fuel use, lowering insurance and maintenance expenses, and
   improving driver safety. With real-time monitoring, proactive coaching,
   and predictive maintenance, we provide smart solutions to boost
   efficiency, reduce risks, and maximize fleet performance.
   Reduce cost

--
On-time delivery and productivity

   MICHELIN Connected Fleet enhances your fleet's productivity with
   advanced job management, real-time vehicle tracking, and support for
   electric vehicle integration. Our solutions and services streamline
   operations, improve planning, and provide full visibility of your
   fleet, ensuring timely deliveries and efficient performance.
   Optimise productivity

--
Improve driver and vehicle safety

   MICHELIN Connected Fleet enhances driver and vehicle safety through
   real-time monitoring and proactive measures. Our solutions include live
   alerts to improve driving behavior, instant visibility of road
   incidents, and predictive maintenance to reduce breakdowns, ensuring
   safer and more efficient fleet operations.
   Improve safety

--
Ensure cargo maintenance

   MICHELIN Connected Fleet ensures compliance and safety for refrigerated
   cargo through intelligent connected temperature monitoring solutions.
   Our tools provide real-time oversight of vehicle compartments, helping
--
   MCF 2022 - Header page interior (12)-1-1

Transition to a green fleet

   MICHELIN Connected Fleet facilitates your transition to a green fleet
   by assessing vehicle suitability for electrification, estimating cost
   savings, and helping you reduce CO₂ emissions. We provide tailored
--
   shutterstock_337172573 (1)

Get started with MICHELIN Connected Fleet today

   Talk to us
--
   dashboard-1

   Smart report fleet management tools with analysis and actions plans to
   improve performance.
   route-1

   Fleet solutions tailored to meet customers specific business needs and
   designed in collaboration with them.
   MCF-HP-Improve-EN

The most innovative companies choose MICHELIN Connected Fleet

   026-MICHELIN-Connected-Fleet-Pivotal-1200x785
   PIVOTAL-WHITE

--
   Charlene Quayle

   Group Fleet Manager at Pivotal
   Find out more
   022-01-MICHELIN-Connected-Fleet-Jaga-Brothers-1200x800
   JAGA-BROTHERS-LOGO-2-1-1

--
   savings in fuel costs

   "The MICHELIN Connected Fleet solutions have had a huge financial
   impact on our business. Our aim was for the service to start paying for
   itself in the first year and the figures so far have exceeded our
--
   OEM_LCV

We partner with vehicle manufacturers (OEMs) to unlock your fleet's full
potential

   Innovative connected fleet telematics solutions to help you optimise
   your fleet management in seconds.
   Discover OEM

MICHELIN Connected Fleet in numbers

   50,000+
--
Countries

Fleet and Mobility Trends for 2025 You Need to Know

   four fuel pumps
--

   Discover what the difference is between E5 petrol and E10 petrol, how
   changing over will impact fleet operations, as well as how to navigate
   the switch.

   Read more
   fleet manager with clipboard next to employee

   What is the Role of Fleet Management in Compliance?

   Discover how fleet management solutions paired with telematics ensure
   regulatory compliance while increasing operational efficiency. Click to
   learn more.

   Read more
   fleet manager and employee looking at laptop

   Fleet Dispatching Guide

   Discover everything you need to know about fleet dispatching, including
   what it is, what it involves, and how technology can help. Click to
   learn more.
--
   lcvs-on-road

See what you can accomplish with MICHELIN Connected Fleet today

   Talk to us
--
FAQs

   What is a Fleet Management Solution?

   A fleet management solution brings together telematics and fleet
   management software so that organisations can better oversee their
   vehicles and increase efficiency, cost control, and safety through
--
   compliance support, reporting, and data analysis.

   What is Fleet Telematics?

   Fleet telematics is a technology used to manage vehicle fleets through
   real-time data collection by combining GPS with onboard diagnostics,
   continuously monitoring location, speed, fuel consumption, driving
   habits, and various other operational details to help fleet managers
   make informed decisions.

   What are the Benefits of a Fleet Telematics System?

   A fleet telematics system offers a wide range of advantages by
   delivering detailed performance metrics. Specifically, managers can
   streamline routes, cut down on fuel costs, and stay on top of
--
   enhances customer service with precise ETAs.

   Is Fleet Telematics the Same as Fleet Tracking?

   No, fleet tracking primarily focuses on the location of vehicles.
   Telematics, on the other hand, offers a comprehensive view that
   includes vehicle performance, driver behaviour, fuel usage, and
   maintenance needs. Therefore, tracking tells you where your vehicles
   are, and telematics explains how they’re being driven in order to
   maintain a safer, more compliant, and cost-effective fleet.

   Which Industries use Fleet Management Solutions?

   Regardless of a business’s or company’s size, fleet management
   solutions are in use within a wide range of sectors, including
   transport and logistics, courier and delivery, public transportation,
--

   Subscribe to our newsletter to receive the latest updates from MICHELIN
   Connected Fleet!

Follow us on social media
